Creating Academic-Industry Collaboration chapter and subchapters (#3095)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/academic-industry.md

(cl-academic-industry)=
# Academic-Industry Collaborations

(cl-academic-industry-prerequisites)=
## Prerequisites

| Prerequisites | Importance | Skill Level | Notes | 
| -------- | -------- | -------- |-------- |
| {ref}`Project Design <pd-overview>`  | Helpful    | Beginner     | This guide has lots of useful information that would be helpful to consider when starting a collaboration
| {ref}`Community Managers: Overview<cl-infrastructure-community-managers>` | Helpful  | Beginner | An overview of the Community Manager Role |
| {ref}`Guide to Planning a Community<cl-new-community-guide>` | Helpful | Beginner | The Guide to Planning a Community are helpful context for the Community Building Subchapter in this section |

(cl-academic-industry-summary)=
## Summary

> Academic-Industry collaborations can take many forms, but put simply they are when an academic institution or university collaborates with a corporate business such as a pharmaceutical company, a consulting firm or a technology company. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Academic-Industry collaborations can take many forms, but put simply they are when an academic institution or university collaborates with a corporation or business such as a pharmaceutical company, a consulting firm or a technology company. 
```
adding a small change for clarity, as many businesses are corporations, but not all corporations are businesses! https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporation.asp

Author: thank you- great point!!

Whilst academia and industry are often viewed with having differing cultures, research aims and ways of working, there can be many advantages of bridging this perceived gap and working collaboratively. 

Some of these advantages include:
* Access to and leveraging resources on both sides, such as funding, research expertise and skills and real-world data

> * Combining basic research (often focused more on the academia side) and applied research (often focused more on the industry side)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Combining foundational research (often the academic focus) and applied research (often the industry focus)
```

* Accelerating innovation and societal impact through working together on a shared research problem
* Experience and increased career opportunities for students and researchers working as part of the collaboration

(cl-academic-industry-motivation)=
## Motivation and Background 
Academic-Industry collaborations are becoming more popular, with the [number of them more than doubling between 2012 and 2016](https://www.nature.com/nature-index/news-blog/the-shifting-corporate-academic-relationship-in-pictures). 

We wanted to create a chapter as a starting point for those looking to set up an academic-industry collaboration, however a lot of the chapter content can be applied to any collaboration. 

> Similarly a lot of existing Turing Way content also applies and we have signposted to this throughout. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly, a lot of existing Turing Way content also applies and we have signposted to this throughout. 
```
